The source code, files, and other resources in this repository are
freely provided for distribution, modification, and use under a
BSD-style license, the text of which is below.

HOWEVER, the rights granted under this license DO NOT extend to the
Arimaa game itself, and any commercial or non-commercial usage
involving the Arimaa game (such as running a public copy of this
website) may require additional authorization, as the owner of Arimaa
has retained all rights to the game itself.

In particular, any user of the contents of this repository or of any
derivative work based on it, if such usage involves the Arimaa game or
the Arimaa name in any way, is responsible for ensuring that the usage
complies with the Arimaa Public License
(http://arimaa.com/arimaa/license/current.txt) and is responsible for
obtaining any necessary authorization or license by contacting
Arimaa.com. The Arimaa name is a trademark of Arimaa.com. The Arimaa
game is patented. The Arimaa game rules are copyright protected.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

The following license covers all the contents of this repository and
their distribution, modification, and usage for any non-Arimaa-related
purposes, as well as their distribution, modification, and usage for
any Arimaa-related purposes subject to compliance with the Arimaa
Public License linked above.

Copyright (c) 2016, playarimaa.org
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
   copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
   disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
   with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
   derived from this software without specific prior written
   permission.

   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
   CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
   INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
   MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
   DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
   CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
   SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
   NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
   LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
   HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
   CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
   OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
   SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
